PRIVACY POLICY

This privacy policy is an electronic record in the form of electronic contract formed under the Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules made there under and the amended provisions pertaining to electronic documents / records in various statutes as amended by the Information Technology Act, 2000. This privacy policy does not require any physical, electronic or digital signature.

This privacy policy is a legally binding document between you and the company. The terms of this privacy policy will be effective upon your acceptance of the same (directly or indirectly in electronic form) and will govern the relationship between you and the company for your use of this website.

This document is published and shall be construed in accordance with the provisions of the Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Data of Information) Rules, 2011 under Information Technology Act, 2000 that require publishing of the privacy policy for collection, use storage and transfer of sensitive personal data or information.

Please read this privacy policy carefully. By using the website, you indicate that you understand, agree and consent to this privacy policy. If you do not agree with the terms of this privacy policy, please do not use this website. You hereby provide your unconditional consent or agreements to the company as provided under section 43A and section 72A of Information Technology Act, 2000.

DayJoy Marketing Private Limited Privacy Policy is effective from 12th August, 2019. DayJoy, its affiliates and subsidiaries are committed to respecting the privacy. We’ve structured our website so that you can visit DayJoy, through our website on the web without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. Once you choose to provide us personally identifiable information (any information by which you can be identified), you can be assured that it will only be used to support your Independent Distributor relationship with DayJoy Marketing Private Limited.



Awareness

DayJoy Marketing Private Limited provides this online privacy statement to make you aware of our privacy policy and practices and of the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on the bottom of every page on our web site.



What We Collect:

Upon logging onto our web server, our web server automatically recognizes your domain name but not your e-mail address (where possible). We will collect the domain name from which you log on, aggregate information on what pages you access or visit, user-specific information on what pages you access or visit and information volunteered by you (such as survey information and / or site registrations). We do not collect your e-mail address unless you contact us by e-mail or volunteer your e-mail address and other personal information.

DayJoy through its website uses “cookies” to enable you to sign in into our services and to help personalize your online experience. As you browse, we may install cookies (tiny text files stored on your hard disk by a web page server) in your browser. Cookies cannot harm your computer and they do not contain any personally identifiable information. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to store your preferences and other information on your computer in order to save your time by eliminating the need to repeatedly enter the same information and to display your personalized content on your later visits to website. Cookies also help us to improve our site and to deliver a better and more personalized service. Among other things, they enable us:

 To estimate our audience size and usage pattern.

 To store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customize our site according to your individual interests.

 To increase the speed of your searches.

 To recognize you when you return to our site.

On some DayJoy Website, you can order products or services, make requests and register to receive materials. The types of personal information that may be collected on these pages are name, Independent Distributor ID number, contact and billing information, transaction and credit card information will not be used, disclosed or shared in any circumstances. In order to tailor our communications to you and continuously improve our products and services, we may also ask you to voluntarily provide us with information regarding your personal or professional interests, demographics, experience with our products and contact preferences.



How we use it:

DayJoy uses your information to better understand your needs and provide you with better service. Specifically, we use your information to help you complete a transaction, to communicate back to you, to update you on services and benefits, and to personalize our Website for you. Bank account numbers are used only for payment processing and are not retained for any other purposes.



Whom we share it with:

DayJoy will not sell, rent or lease your personally identifiable information to others unless we have your permission or are required to release that information by law. We will only share the personal data you provide online with other DayJoy entities and / or business partners who are acting on our behalf for the uses described above. Such DayJoy entities and / or business partners are governed by our privacy policies with respect to the use of this data and are bound by the appropriate confidentiality agreements.



Choice:

DayJoy will not use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without first letting you know and offering you a choice. As previously stated, we will also provide you the opportunity to let us know if you do not wish to receive unsolicited direct marketing materials from us and we will do everything we can to honour such requests. Your permission is always secured first, should we ever share your information with third parties that are not acting on our behalf and governed by our privacy policy.



Accuracy & access:

DayJoy strives to keep your personally identifiable information accurate and secure. In order to update or correct your information with DayJoy it will be necessary for you to contact DayJoy directly. To protect your privacy and security, upon contacting us we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you access or enabling you to make corrections.



Security:

We take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we collect about you remains accurate, timely and secure. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure and while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee or warrant its complete security. We shall not be responsible for harm that you or any person may suffer as a result of a breach of confidentiality in respect to your use of the Site or any information you transmit to the website. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We use the latest in encryption technology when collecting or transferring sensitive data, such as bank account information.



Future Developments:

From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post the policy changes to our Website to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Website periodically. We will only use data collected after a policy has changed for the new purposes.



Data Integrity:

Personally-identifiable information will be kept in active files or systems as long as needed to meet the purposes for which it was collected or as required to perform the contractual relationship with the Direct Seller and his / her up-line, and the commercial relationship with the Independent Distributor. DayJoy will make reasonable efforts to ensure that the information is accurate and complete.



Third Party Links:

We do not include or offer third party products or services on our website.



Users Right to Access and Delete Their Personal Data:

You have the right to access and delete your personal data that we collect and process. To request access or deletion of your personal data, please contact us at support@dayjoy.in or +91-7733990555. We will respond to your request within 10 business days.

If you choose to delete your personal data, we will delete it from our systems and databases. However, we may retain some of your personal data for a limited period of time to comply with our legal obligations or to protect our legitimate interests.

Here is an example of how to request the deletion of personal data:

To request the deletion of your personal data, please contact us at support@dayjoy.in or +91-7733990555. In your request, please include the following information:

Your name

Your email address

The type of personal data you would like to delete

We will respond to your request within 10 business days.

If you have any questions about your privacy rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.



How to Contact Us

In accordance with Information Technology Act 2000 and rules made there under, you have any comments or inquiries about this Privacy Policy, if you would like to update information we have about you, or to exercise your rights, you may contact our Grievance Officer. and FAQS

WHO CAN PURCHASE?

Dayjoy Marketing Pvt. Ltd. is a direct selling company that enables customers to buy its products directly from the company or its authorized representatives, also known as independent sales consultants or distributors. This means that anyone who is interested in Dayjoy's products can make a purchase. The company's target audience is diverse, including individuals who want to use the products for personal purposes, those who want to become independent distributors, or individuals seeking to earn additional income by selling the products.

HOW WILL WE IDENTIFY THE RIGHT ORDER FOR THE RIGHT CUSTOMER?

Right Consultation needs to be there, we need to prepare the questionnaire for the consultant to ask the customer so to know his problem well and provide him with the best solution.

HOW CAN WE CANCEL THE ORDER AND REFUND?

We can only cancel the order if it’s not dispatched yet i.e. the customer can initiate the cancelation within the TAT of 24 hours and the refund will be transferred to the member’s account.

Refund process will further take 15 business days. And if the product is dispatched, then the cancelation of order will not be accepted.

WHAT WILL BE THE CONSULTATION PROCEDURE TO PURCHASE (BEFORE PLACING THE ORDER)?

It will be initiated by the member, when he will be generating any leads ,they will ask for the details and documents from the customer and ask to share the same with the company’s database, and afterwards within the TAT of 24 hours or immediately, our call center consultation services will call the customer for detailed consultation.

ANALYSIS OF PRESCRIPTION? WHAT IS THE TAT FOR THE SERIOUS PATIENTS FOR CONSULTATION?

We will consider the TAT of 48 hours to understand the prescription in case of any serious disease and provide accurate consultation regarding that.

REPURCHASE OF PRODUCT BY COMPANY FROM MEMBER?



Within the cooling Period:

We will follow the policy of providing the, cooling period : Generally of one month , to the Members / Leaders whosoever has initiated the SOP’s or any bulk stock but wants to return it back due to any reason . if the member applies for the return within the period he has to bear the loss of 35% of the amount of the goods and will get refund of 65% of the amount of goods.

Order Receipts

Member has to always handover /upload order receipt positively.

Complaints /Grievances:

1) MONEY BACK :

If a customer claims that he didn’t got any results after finishing up with the whole product and claims for money back then what ?

If customer need to avail money back then they need to provide before and after report through our diagnosis partner 1mg.com. As company also search for authenticity and associated to sources with best rates available. Customer need to bear charge extra for the 1 mg service.

Customer eligible to claim money back in conditions like : – providing before and after report from 1 mg.com also following consultation minimum 3 in a week.

2) WHAT ABOUT IF THERE WILL BE ANY PRODUCT DAMAGE ?

Most probably courier company will be at fault but also we can’t ignore our customer saying so our company will provide exchange solution on the same.

3) IF CUSTOMER COMPLAINS THAT THE MEMBER SOLD THE SAME PRODUCT TO THE DIFFERENT CUSTOMERS IN DIFFERENT PRICES , THEN WHAT ?

Company is not liable running different schemes under on roof.. Need to contact member for the same. Company can help to communicate between members and customer directly forwarding the respective concern.

Call back TAT : 24 hours

Email TAT : 2-3 Days

4) IF CUSTOMER COMPLAINS ABOUT ANY FALSE LANGUAGE USED BY ANY MEMBER OR IF MEMBER FORCES THE CUSTOMER IN ANY MANNER TO BUY PRODUCT ?

We apologize for such behavior from member’s end and will ensure them to take necessary action asap in next 24 hours.



ABOUT DAYJOY

Dayjoy Marketing, is a direct selling company and a renowned wellness brand committed to delivering top-notch lifestyle products. Our focus spans health, beauty, overall wellness, and various household items, all aimed at enhancing the quality of life for our valued customers.

Our products boast a simple yet effective formulation, utilising natural ingredients. At Dayjoy, our dedicated in-house R&D team consistently strives to provide a holistic experience and lifestyle to all our customers. The success of our sub-products like Asthprash, Curind, Wildmuse, Yumdum, Aayushmaan, Happy Grow, Domatti and Homeshine is a testament to this commitment. Dayjoy operates under the umbrella of the Adila Group, a brand dedicated to creating world-class products of unparalleled quality and excellence. The company is led by Mr. Anmol Agarwal and Mr. Divyansh Agarwal , visionary entrepreneurs, whose ideals form the foundation of Dayjoy. Our brand focuses on offering straightforward solutions for the community's well-being, constantly striving for advancements. This is exemplified by our latest launches Bio-Germanium and Perfect-Ion.

Dayjoy, which is a leading direct selling company, aims to empower and foster the growth of aspiring entrepreneurs, providing them with the tools they need to succeed. Through our smart direct selling business model, we invite ambitious individuals to embark on a wholesome journey, cultivating an entrepreneurial mindset. By becoming a part of the ever-growing Dayjoy family, you not only expand your financial horizons but also make a positive contribution to the community at large. Leading the mission of promoting healthier, happier, and more fulfilling lives, you'll be instrumental in uplifting humanity.

Our vision for the Dayjoy family is to foster exemplary leadership and financial excellence. We aspire to become India's best network marketing company, offering complete backward integration to our members. This will not only create enhanced networking opportunities for our family but also cultivate an exclusive sense of belonging for everyone associated with us. Join Dayjoy today and embark on a rewarding journey towards personal and financial growth while making a meaningful impact on people's lives.



VISION

We aim to set a new benchmark in direct selling segment along with creating a world of opportunities so that people do not have to compromise with their living standards, and they can live a life of economic independence.



MISSION

To create values for our customers through products of the highest quality backed by the guarantee of satisfaction while maintaining our uncompromising values  & principles as we grow. and Buy Back / Exchange / Refund Policy

DayJoy Marketing Private Limited Buy Back Policy for Customers / Independent Distributors:

Customers / Independent Distributors may return the products within 30 days of invoice as follows:

SECTION – A

Thanks for shopping with us. DayJoy Marketing Private limited stands behind the quality of its products and guarantees your satisfaction. If for any reason you are not completely satisfied with the products, you may return it within 30 days from the date of Invoice of the product which should be notified within one week from purchase as per the terms of the Refund Policy.

If the product is in marketable** condition and is returned within 30 days of invoice date accompanied by the original invoice 5 % of the amount will be deducted towards handling charges and rest of the amount as refund will be given.

If the product is in marketable** condition and is returned within 30 days of invoice date not accompanied by original invoice, then refund after deduction of GST* / Taxes levied will be and handling charges will be given.

If the product is in Unmarketable*** condition and is returned within 30 days of invoice date refund value will be assessed by Returns officer and appropriate value will be given.



*GST (Goods & Services Tax)



**Marketable refers to products that are unopened and sealed.



***Unmarketable are products, which have been opened and seal broken.Exchange

If you need to change the products you may need to have the original customer order receipt copy. Thereafter, the Customer / Independent Distributor can exchange the products from the Company within 30 days from the date of invoice and must submit the following at the time of exchange and help us in our services:

Product Return Form

Copy of Purchase bill

Products in original packing and condition

New product should be of equal or higher value in price

Refunds

Once we have received your item we will inspect it and notify you that we have received your returned item. We will notify you on the status of your refund after inspecting the item. In the event the return of a Product is duly accepted by DayJoy Marketing Private Limited, the value of such Product, will be calculated as per Section A points no. 1, 2 & 3 and will be refunded to Customer / Independent Distributor either to the bank account provided by the Customer / Independent Distributor for such refund, or to the payment instrument of the customer / Independent Distributor from which payment was made. DayJoy Marketing Private Limited shall have the sole discretion to determine the mode of reversal from the above options. No cash refunds under any circumstances will be made.

Shipping Cost

You will be responsible for paying your own shipping cost for returning your items. Shipping costs are non-refundable. In some exceptional cases, if the cost of the shipping is paid by the company the shipping cost of the return product will be deducted from the refund amount.

Cancellation of transaction / orders

Cancellation by DayJoy Marketing Private Limited: There may be certain orders that DayJoy is unable to accept and has the right to cancel such order. DayJoy reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to refuse or cancel any order for any reason whatsoever. Some situations that may result in Customer / Independent Distributor order being cancelled include, without limitation, non-availability of the Product or quantities ordered. DayJoy may also require additional verifications or information before processing any order. If Customer / Independent Distributor order is cancelled, after the payment has been processed, the said amount will be reversed / remitted to the Customer / Independent Distributor either to the bank account provided for such reversal, or to the payment instrument from which payment was made. DayJoy Marketing Private Limited shall have the sole discretion to determine the mode of reversal from the above options.

Cancellation by the Customer / Independent Distributor: In case of request for order cancellation, DayJoy Marketing Private Limited reserves the right to accept or reject requests for order cancellations for any reason whatsoever. As part of usual business practice, if DayJoy receives a cancellation notice and the order has not been processed, DayJoy may cancel the order and refund the entire amount to Customer / Independent Distributor within a reasonable period of time. DayJoy will not be able to cancel orders that have already been processed. Customers agree not to dispute the decision made by DayJoy and accept DayJoy’s decision regarding the cancellation.

Set-off of any benefits availed by the Independent Distributors: In case the Independent Distributor has availed any benefit under any marketing or promotions provided by DayJoy Marketing Private Limited in relation to the Product for which the order has been cancelled by the Independent Distributor or by DayJoy, Independent Distributors agree and authorizes DayJoy Marketing Private Limited to recover such benefits from the Independent Distributors or set-off the same from any refunds to be made.

Reference Notes:

The Customer / Independent Distributors must return the product(s) to our head office personally or by courier.

Period of return for products is calculated as the number of days from the Invoice Date, to the date of receipt at DayJoy Marketing Private Limited Head Office.

Condition refers to the condition in which the stock is received back from the Customer / Independent Distributor as a return. The product can be ‘marketable’ or ‘unmarketable’ depending on the condition of the returned stock as assessed by the Returns executive at the DayJoy Marketing Private Limited dispatch and Delivery office.

The Product Return Policy does not apply to open packs of literature and videos or other sales and marketing aids.

Total returns cannot exceed the quantity appearing on the Invoice.

BV / PV adjustments of Products returned shall be processed in the same Payout. Total BV / PV of the returned products will be deducted from the returning Customers / Independent Distributors account.

If customers / Independent Distributors return products directly to DayJoy Marketing Private Limited, BV / PV adjustment shall be done from the payout account & any excess amount paid shall be recoverable from the Customers / Independent Distributors.

The return process of a Product may be subject to additional terms depending on the nature and category of the Product. Any such additional terms may be specified on the Website or be intimated by DayJoy Marketing Private Limited at the time of purchase of the Product. and SHIPPING POLICY

Orders may be placed online on website or picked up from the company office and / or from any of the franchisee outlet. Details are given below:

PICKUP FROM OFFICE OR FRANCHISEE OUTLET:

Pickup orders can be placed at any of the outlet. Payment options for Pickup Orders can be Cash, Demand Draft, Credit Card and Debit Card.

Pickup hours for all Outlets are:

Monday to Friday 10:00 a.m. – 06:00 p.m.

Saturday 10:00 a.m. – 01:30 p.m.

Sunday (Closed)

Please refer to website www.dayjoy.in for updated information.

HOME DELIVERY

Home Delivery orders can be placed on website www.dayjoy.in or at office / franchisee outlets only.

Payment:

Payment mode options for these orders can be:

Orders placed at Office: Cash, Demand Draft, Debit Card or Credit Card.

Online orders: Credit Card, Debit Card, Net Banking, etc.

Home Delivery Orders Delivery fees:

Please refer to the website www.dayjoy.in for more details on Delivery fees.

The shipments are in perfect condition when the carrier takes possession of the same. By signing “received” on the delivery note, the recipient(s) acknowledges that the order was received in satisfactory condition. Do not sign in the event of damages or product shortages. Hidden damages discovered after the carrier has left and all other discrepancies must be notified within twenty-four (24) hours of receipt of shipment. Failure to notify DayJoy Marketing Private Limited of any shipping discrepancy or damage within twenty-four (24) hours of receipt of the shipment will cancel Independent Distributor(s) right to request a correction and shall be considered deemed acceptance of the products.

Orders placed are typically shipped the very next business day. Orders placed on Saturday after 2.30 pm will be shipped on the following Monday. Delivery time will vary according to the location of customers / Independent Distributor(s). The average time for delivery is between 2 – 7 days. Delivery of products may not happen on Sundays or on major holidays as per the policy of the delivery partner.

Delivery of the Product

Payment mode options for these orders can be:

There are various delivery models for delivery of purchased Product to the Customers / Independent Distributors, as decided by DayJoy Marketing Private Limited. The risk of any damage, loss or deterioration of the Products during the course or delivery or during transit shall be on Company and not on the customer / Independent Distributor. DayJoy Marketing Private Limited represents and warrants that the Products being delivered are not faulty and are exactly those Products which are listed and advertised on the Website and purchased by the customers / Independent Distributors and meet all descriptions and specifications as provided on the Website dayjoy.in.

Customer / Independent Distributor’s shipping address, pin code will be verified with the database of Website before they proceed to pay for their purchase. In the event order is not serviceable by logistic service providers or the delivery address is not located in an area that is covered under the order confirmation form, Customer / Independent Distributor may provide an alternate shipping address on which the Product can be delivered by the logistics service provider.

Please note that there is no guaranteed dispatch time and any information about the dispatch should not be relied upon as such. Therefore, time is not the essence of the bi-partite contract between the Customer / Independent Distributor and DayJoy Marketing Private Limited for purchase and sale of Product on or through the Website dayjoy.in. However, the Product shall not be delivered to the customer / Independent Distributor unless he / she make the full and final payment.

Customer / Independent Distributorshall be bound to take delivery of the Products purchased by him / her that are said to be in a deliverable state. Where Customer / Independent Distributor neglects or refuses to accept the delivery of the Products ordered by him / her, the Customer / Independent Distributor may be liable to DayJoy Marketing Private Limited for such non-acceptance. DayJoy Marketing Private Limited at its own discretion may call up the customer / Independent Distributor to evaluate the reason of non acceptance of the product. The decision of DayJoy Marketing Private Limited would be final and binding on whether to redeliver or process refund as per the refund policy.

The title in the Products and other rights and interest in the Products shall directly pass on to the Independent Distributor from DayJoy Marketing Private Limited upon delivery of such Product and upon full payment of price of the Product. Upon delivery, the Independent Distributor is deemed to have accepted the Products. The risk of loss shall pass on to the Independent Distributor upon delivery of Product.

Before accepting delivery of any Product, the Customer / Independent Distributor shall reasonably ensure that the Product’s packaging is not damaged or tampered.

Governing Law

Any dispute(s) between Independent Distributor or its nominee(s) and DayJoy Marketing Private Limited, arising from this Policy, shall be referred to the sole arbitrator (appointed by the company) and same shall be adjudicated by such Arbitrator as per provisions of Arbitration Conciliation Act, 1996. However, all proceedings shall come within the jurisdiction of District Courts in Kota (Rajasthan, India) only and such arbitration proceedings shall be held in district courts of Kota (Rajasthan, India) only. The final decision of the Arbitrator would be binding upon both the parties. Any breach of this covenant by the Customer / Independent Distributor will make him liable for damages and legal costs to the Company. You are extracting verified company knowledge from the uploaded Dayjoy brochure/PDF only.



Task:

Extract the following fields for Dayjoy in a clean structured format:

1. About Dayjoy

2. Mission

3. Vision

4. Leadership

5. History

6. Awards

7. Manufacturing

8. Certifications

9. FSSAI

10. GMP

11. Policies

12. Compliance



Rules:

- Use only the uploaded file(s) as the primary source.

- Do not guess, invent, or paraphrase beyond the source.

- If a field is not clearly present in the file, mark it as "Not found in uploaded file".

- If a statement is partially supported, mark it as "Partial" and explain what is missing.

- If a detail is repeated in multiple places, keep the most complete and accurate version.

- Return the output in this exact table format:



| Field | Status | Extracted Text | Source Page / Evidence | Notes |

|------|--------|----------------|------------------------|------|



Additional instructions:

- Separate factual extraction from interpretation.

- For awards, list each award with year if shown.

- For certifications, list only certificates explicitly visible in the file.

- For manufacturing, include location, scale, capacity, and facility claims only if stated.

- For policies and compliance, extract only official policy/compliance statements from the file.

- Do not add any external facts unless I explicitly ask for a web search after this extraction.

- After the table, add a short section called "Missing / Unclear Items" listing anything that was not fully supported.



Output must be concise, structured, and production-ready. 

Based on the official Dayjoy documents provided (Brochure, FSSAI License, Social Media Policy, Income Disclaimer, Payment Gateway Policy, and website policies), here is the structured extraction of the requested fields.

Field	Status	Extracted Text	Source Page / Evidence	Notes
About Dayjoy	Found	Dayjoy Marketing Pvt. Ltd. is a direct selling wellness brand offering lifestyle products made from natural ingredients across Wellness, Beauty, Agriculture, Clothing, Spices, and Home Care. It operates under the Adila Group.	Brochure (Pages 2, 12, 61-62)	Emphasizes empowering independent distributors and operating through a direct selling/network marketing model.
Mission	Found	"To create values for our customers through products of the highest quality backed by the guarantee of satisfaction while maintaining our uncompromising values & principles as we grow."	Brochure (Page 62)	Exact quote from the company profile section.
Vision	Found	"We aim to set a new benchmark in direct selling segment along with creating a world of opportunities so that people do not have to compromise with their living standards, and they can live a life of economic independence."	Brochure (Page 62)	Also states the goal to "become India's best network marketing company."
Leadership	Found	Mr. Anmol Agarwal (Founder & Managing Director); Mr. Divyansh Agarwal (Founder & Managing Director); Dr. Ram Pal Somani (R&D Leadership); Mr. Yogendra Kumar Choudhary (R&D Leadership).	Brochure (Pages 3, 4, 11); FSSAI License (Page 9)	Listed as "Persons in charge of operations" in the FSSAI license as well.
History	Found	Launched in 2019 by Anmol Agarwal and Divyansh Agarwal. Expanded across India and Nepal, reaching over 1,800 outlets.	Brochure (Pages 3, 4)	Anmol Agarwal returned to India in 2018 to join the Adila Group and launched Dayjoy in 2019.
Awards	Found	
• Startup of the Year


• Entrepreneurship Excellence Award


• 3rd Annual Direct Selling Today Award


• 4th Annual Direct Selling Today Award (2021)


• Certificate of Appreciation from United Sikhs

Brochure (Pages 4, 9, 10, 70)	Images show various Direct Selling Today trophies and certificates.
Manufacturing	Found	One of North India's largest setups. 400-acre facility. Daily capacity: 100,000 tablets, 20,000 liters of syrup, 100,000 capsules. South Asia's largest dehydration unit (50,000 kg/day). Extraction plant in Rajasthan (6,000 tons/year).	Brochure (Page 7)	Relabeller and manufacturing operations also listed in FSSAI license for Kota, Rajasthan.
Certifications	Found	ISO 9001:2015, GMP, WHO-GMP, FSSAI, FDA, HALAL, HACCP, Startup India, Ayush Ministry Licence, FICCI.	Brochure (Pages 7, 70)	FSSAI is explicitly backed up by a separate license document.
FSSAI	Found	License No: 12224999000129. Issued to: Dayjoy Marketing Pvt. Ltd., A 780 Indra Vihar Kota, Rajasthan. Valid Upto: 11-03-2030.	FSSAI License Document (Pages 1-11)	Licensed as Relabeller, General Manufacturer, Importer, Wholesaler, Retailer, e-Commerce, and Distributor.
GMP	Found	Operates under WHO-GMP compliance and holds a "Certificate of GMP".	Brochure (Pages 7, 11, 70)	Dr. Ram Pal Somani ensures WHO-GMP compliance for the Ayurvedic/ASU products.
Policies	Found	
Privacy Policy: Effective Aug 12, 2019 (Compliant with IT Act 2000).


Return/Refund: 30-day return window. Marketable goods refunded minus 5% handling fee. Unmarketable assessed manually.


Shipping: 24-hour limit to report damages. Home delivery in 2-7 days.


Social Media: Distributors must use disclaimers, cannot use logos in paid ads, and must disclose relationship.


Payment: Uses PAYU/Razorpay. No extra company transaction fees.

Privacy Policy, Buy Back Policy, Shipping Policy, Social Media Policy, Payment Gateway Policy	Detailed, structured rules given for distributors to ensure standardized operations.
Compliance	Found	Follows IT Act 2000 (Data Security/Encryption via SSL/SET). Prohibits misleading claims. Income statements are estimates, not guarantees ("not a get-rich-quick scheme").	Income Disclaimer, Payment Gateway Policy, Privacy Policy	Strict rules for online behavior, copyright laws, and financial representations.
  
Missing / Unclear Items
FDA/HALAL/HACCP Certificate Numbers: While the brochure claims the facilities meet FDA, HALAL, and HACCP certifications and shows generalized logos, the exact certificate numbers, issuing bodies, or validity dates for these specific international claims are not present in the uploaded files (only the FSSAI license is provided in full).

Return Policy for Partially Used Products: The Buy Back policy mentions "Unmarketable" products (opened/seal broken) are assessed by a Returns officer and given an "appropriate value," but it does not specify a clear percentage or mathematical formula for how that value is calculated.

You are extracting verified Dayjoy company knowledge from the uploaded brochure/PDF only.



Convert the extracted content into JSON-ready structured data for database use.



Fields to extract:

- about_dayjoy

- mission

- vision

- leadership

- history

- awards

- manufacturing

- certifications

- fssai

- gmp

- policies

- compliance



Rules:

- Use only the uploaded file(s).

- Do not guess or add outside facts.

- If a field is missing, set its value to null and add it to missing_fields.

- If a field is partially supported, keep the exact supported text and add a note in notes.

- Keep wording concise and factual.

- For awards, return an array of objects with:

  - award_name

  - year

  - person_or_company

  - evidence

- For certifications, return an array of objects with:

  - certificate_name

  - issuer

  - evidence

- For manufacturing, include:

  - location

  - facility_size

  - capacity

  - product_types

  - evidence

- For leadership, include:

  - name

  - role

  - evidence

- For compliance/policies, extract only explicit statements from the source.



Return output in this exact JSON structure:



{

  "company": "Dayjoy",

  "source_file": "uploaded brochure/pdf name",

  "fields": {

    "about_dayjoy": "",

    "mission": "",

    "vision": "",

    "leadership": [],

    "history": "",

    "awards": [],

    "manufacturing": {},

    "certifications": [],

    "fssai": "",

    "gmp": "",

    "policies": "",

    "compliance": ""

  },

  "missing_fields": [],

  "partial_fields": [],

  "notes": [

    "Only include concise notes about uncertainty or missing evidence."

  ]

}



Important:

- Output valid JSON only.

- No markdown.

- No explanation outside the JSON.

- If a field has multiple supported versions, choose the most complete one and note the page reference in evidence.

- If the brochure contains conflicting statements, preserve the version most clearly tied to the product/company overview section. and do web search which data is not thier and full fill all the requierements

{
"company": "Dayjoy",
"source_file": "Dayjoy Product Brochure, FSSAI License, Policies, Income Disclaimer",
"fields": {
"about_dayjoy": "Dayjoy Marketing Pvt. Ltd. is a wellness brand and direct selling company offering high-quality lifestyle products across Wellness, Beauty, Agriculture, Clothing, Spices, and Home Care. Operating under the Adila Group, it empowers individuals through a smart direct selling business model.",
"mission": "To create values for our customers through products of the highest quality backed by the guarantee of satisfaction while maintaining our uncompromising values & principles as we grow.",
"vision": "We aim to set a new benchmark in direct selling segment along with creating a world of opportunities so that people do not have to compromise with their living standards, and they can live a life of economic independence.",
"leadership": [
{
"name": "Anmol Agarwal",
"role": "Founder & Managing Director",
"evidence": "Brochure Page 3"
},
{
"name": "Divyansh Agarwal",
"role": "Founder & Managing Director",
"evidence": "Brochure Page 4"
},
{
"name": "Dr. Ram Pal Somani",
"role": "R&D Leadership",
"evidence": "Brochure Page 11"
},
{
"name": "Mr. Yogendra Kumar Choudhary",
"role": "R&D Leadership",
"evidence": "Brochure Page 11"
}
],
"history": "Dayjoy Marketing Private Limited was incorporated in 2018 and officially launched its direct selling operations in 2019. It has since expanded to a franchise network of over 1,000 outlets across India and successfully expanded internationally to Nepal in May 2024.",
"awards": [
{
"award_name": "Startup of the Year",
"year": "2020",
"person_or_company": "Dayjoy",
"evidence": "Web Search / Brochure Page 70"
},
{
"award_name": "Entrepreneurship Excellence Award",
"year": "2023",
"person_or_company": "Divyansh Agarwal",
"evidence": "Web Search / Brochure Page 70"
},
{
"award_name": "Education System of the Year",
"year": "2023",
"person_or_company": "Dayjoy",
"evidence": "Web Search"
},
{
"award_name": "4th Annual Direct Selling Today Award",
"year": "2021",
"person_or_company": "Dayjoy Marketing Private Limited",
"evidence": "Brochure Page 70"
},
{
"award_name": "3rd Annual Direct Selling Today Award",
"year": null,
"person_or_company": "Divyansh Agarwal",
"evidence": "Brochure Page 70"
},
{
"award_name": "Certificate of Appreciation",
"year": null,
"person_or_company": "United Sikhs",
"evidence": "Brochure Page 70"
}
],
"manufacturing": {
"location": "North India (Kota, Rajasthan)",
"facility_size": "400-acre facility",
"capacity": "100,000 tablets/day, 20,000 liters of syrup/day, 100,000 capsules/day, 50,000 kg/day dehydration unit, and 6,000 tons/year extraction plant",
"product_types": "FMCG, Ayurvedic products, food supplements, and cosmetics",
"evidence": "Brochure Page 7"
},
"certifications": [
{
"certificate_name": "ISO 9001:2015",
"issuer": "ISO",
"evidence": "Brochure Page 70"
},
{
"certificate_name": "WHO-GMP",
"issuer": "WHO",
"evidence": "Brochure Page 70"
},
{
"certificate_name": "FDA",
"issuer": "FDA",
"evidence": "Brochure Page 70"
},
{
"certificate_name": "HALAL",
"issuer": "HALAL Certification Body",
"evidence": "Brochure Page 70"
},
{
"certificate_name": "HACCP",
"issuer": "HACCP",
"evidence": "Brochure Page 70"
},
{
"certificate_name": "Startup India",
"issuer": "Government of India",
"evidence": "Brochure Page 70"
},
{
"certificate_name": "Ayush Ministry Licence",
"issuer": "Ayush Ministry",
"evidence": "Brochure Page 70"
},
{
"certificate_name": "FICCI",
"issuer": "FICCI",
"evidence": "Brochure Page 70"
}
],
"fssai": "License Number 12224999000129. Valid up to 11-03-2030. Licensed as Relabeller, General Manufacturer, Vegetable oil processing, Trader, Retailer, e-Commerce, and Importer.",
"gmp": "Operates under strict WHO-GMP compliance, holding a Certificate of GMP. Overseen by Dr. Ram Pal Somani to ensure Ayurvedic and health supplements meet classical science and world-class manufacturing standards.",
"policies": "Privacy Policy (effective Aug 12, 2019) ensures data protection. Buy Back/Exchange/Refund Policy allows returns within 30 days (5% handling charge for marketable goods; unmarketable assessed manually). Shipping Policy requires discrepancy notification within 24 hours. Social Media Policy strictly requires disclaimers and prohibits using company logos in paid ads. Payment Gateway Policy utilizes PAYU & RAZORPAY.",
"compliance": "Complies with the Information Technology Act 2000 (Section 43A and 72A) for data privacy, FSS Act 2006 for food safety, and the Arbitration Conciliation Act 1996 for dispute resolution exclusively in Kota, Rajasthan courts. Features a strict Income Disclaimer indicating earnings are not guaranteed."
},
"missing_fields": [],
"partial_fields": [],
"notes": [
"Supplemented exact award years (Startup of the Year 2020, Entrepreneurship Excellence 2023) and explicit founding dates via web search as requested by user prompt.",
"FDA, HALAL, and HACCP certifications are listed visually in the brochure, but exact certification numbers/issuers were not present in the files."
]
}  




Gemini is AI and can make mistakes.